Update supported-tags.md (#4405)
dotnet/dotnet-docker: documentation/supported-tags.md

## Single-platform Tags

These tags reference an image for a single platform (e.g. "Linux Arm64" or "Windows x64").

### `<Major.Minor.Patch .NET Version>-<OS>-<Architecture>`

Examples:

- `6.0.12-jammy-amd64`
- `6.0.12-jammy-arm64v8`
- `6.0.12-nanoserver-1809`
- `7.0.2-alpine3.17`
- `7.0.2-bullseye-slim-arm32v7`

### `<Major.Minor .NET Version>-<OS>-<Architecture>`

Examples:

- `6.0-jammy-arm64v8`
- `6.0-jammy-amd64`
- `6.0-nanoserver-1809`
- `7.0-alpine3.17`
- `7.0-bullseye-slim-arm32v7`

## Multi-platform images

These tags reference images for [multiple platforms](https://www.docker.com/blog/docker-official-images-now-multi-platform/) (e.g. Arm64 and x64 and Linux and/or Windows).

### `<Major.Minor.Patch .NET Version>-<OS version>`

Examples:

- `6.0.12-jammy`
- `7.0.2-alpine3.17`

### `<Major.Minor .NET Version>-<OS version>`

Examples:

- `6.0-alpine3.17`
- `7.0-jammy`

### `<Major.Minor .NET Version>-<OS name>`

Examples:

- `6.0-alpine`

### `<Major.Minor.Patch .NET Version>`

Examples:

- `6.0.12`
- `7.0.2`

### `<Major.Minor .NET Version>`

Examples:

- `6.0`
- `7.0`

### `latest`

> Notes:

Author: Resolved.

- Includes all [supported architectures](supported-platforms.md#architectures).
- Includes Debian for Linux, unless specified (like `6.0-alpine`).
- Includes each supported Nano Server version for OS-agnostic tags (like `7.0` and `latest`)

> - The `latest` tag references the latest stable release while in the `nightly` branch, it may references the latest preview release.

Reviewer: Just suggesting different wording here since it read a little awkwardly for me.

```suggestion
- The `latest` tag references the latest stable release. In the `nightly` image repo, it may reference the latest preview release.
```

### `<OS version>`

This tag pattern references an image with a specific OS version, but floats on OS patch updates. See [Supported Platforms](supported-platforms.md#operating-systems) for the list of supported operating systems.

Examples:

- `6.0-jammy`
- `7.0-alpine3.17`

Notes:

- These tags are updated in response to base image updates (like an Ubuntu base image) for the supported life of the .NET release.
- Digest pinning is required to request a specific patch of an operating system (e.g. `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/runtime@sha256:4d3d5a5131a0621509ab8a75f52955f2d0150972b5c5fb918e2e59d4cb9a9823`).
- For [Debian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian_version_history) and [Ubuntu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_version_history) images, release codenames are used versus version numbers.

### `alpine`

This tag pattern floats to the latest version of Alpine.

Examples:

- `6.0-alpine`
- `7.0-alpine`

Notes:

- When a new version of Alpine is supported, it will initially be published only with version-specific tags (e.g. `6.0-alpine3.17`), with an [announcement](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aannouncement).

> - The new version-specific tag needs to be used initially.

Reviewer 2: We should be explicit that this is only necessary if you want the newest version.

Author: ```suggestion
- A version-specific tag needs to be used if you want to use the new Alpine version immediately.
```

- One month later, the floating tag (e.g. `6.0-alpine`) will be updated with the new Alpine version.
- Another announcement will be posted at this time.

### `<Architecture>`

This tag pattern references an image with a specific architecture. See [Supported Platforms](supported-platforms.md#architectures) for the list of supported architectures.

Examples:

- `6.0-jammy-amd64`
- `7.0-alpine-arm64v8`

Notes:

- For Windows, `amd64` is the only architecture supported and is excluded from the tag name.

## Tag Lifecycle

Each tag will be supported for the lifetime of the .NET and OS version referenced by the tag, unless further restricted according to [platform support policy](supported-platforms.md).

When an OS version reaches End-of-Life (EOL), its tags will no longer be maintained.

When a .NET version reaches EOL, its tags will continue to be maintained (rebuilt for base image updates) until the next .NET servicing date (typically on "Patch Tuesday", the 2nd Tuesday of the month).

> Once a tag is no longer maintained, it will be considered unsupported, will no longer be updated. Unsupported tags will be preserved to prevent breaking any references to it.

Reviewer: I think we should be explicit what we mean by "preserved".

```suggestion
Once a tag is no longer maintained, it will be considered unsupported, will no longer be updated. Unsupported tags will continue to exist in the container registry to prevent breaking any references to it.
```

## Tag policies

The following policies are used for the tag patterns we use.

### Fixed version tags

"Fixed version" tags reference an image with a specific `Major.Minor.Patch` .NET version.

Examples:

- `6.0.12`
- `7.0.2-alpine3.17`

Notes:

- These tags are considered _fixed tags_ since they reference a specific .NET patch version.
- They are updated in response to base image updates (like a Debian base image) for the supported life of the image (typically one month).
- The .NET components within the image will not be updated.
- In the rare event that .NET components are updated before the next regular .NET service release, then a new image with a `-1` tag will be created. The same practice will repeat itself if necessary (with `-2` and then `-3` tags).

### Floating version tags

"Floating version" tags references an image with a specific `Major.Minor` .NET version, but float on patch updates.

Examples:

- `6.0`
- `7.0-alpine3.17`

Notes:

- These tags are considered _floating tags_ since they do not reference a specific .NET patch version.
- They are updated in response to base image updates (like a Debian base image) for the supported life of the .NET release.

> - The .NET components within the image will be updated.

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth noting that this typically occurs on Update Tuesday?

> - The .NET components within the image will be updated.

Author: ```suggestion
- The .NET components within the image will be updated, which typically occurs on Patch Tuesday.
```

> ### Floating Alpine tags

Reviewer 2: Would it be worth merging this content in the https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/blob/5b6e2a462cce1b290ec74f4d59b31c7b905ab73d/documentation/supported-tags.md#majorminor-net-version-alpine section?

Author: I actually did that earlier (in a draft). I pulled it out since it added a bit of a bulge in just that section. Thoughts?

Reviewer 2: The primary reason I mentioned this is because the earlier section state `for the latest Alpine version`.  I felt that needed the clarification this section provides.

Examples:

- `6.0-alpine`
- `7.0-alpine`

Notes:

- When a new version of Alpine is supported, it will initially be published only with version-specific tags (e.g. `6.0-alpine3.17`), with an [announcement](https://github.com/dotnet/dotnet-docker/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+label%3Aannouncement).
- A version-specific tag needs to be used if you want to use the new Alpine version immediately.
- One month later, the floating tag (e.g. `6.0-alpine`) will be updated with the new Alpine version.
- Another announcement will be posted at this time.

### OS tags and base image updates

Version-specific operating system tags reference an image with a specific OS version, but floats on OS patch updates. See [Supported Platforms](supported-platforms.md#operating-systems) for the list of supported operating systems.

Examples:

- `6.0-jammy`
- `7.0-alpine3.17`

Notes:

- These tags are updated in response to base image updates (like an Ubuntu base image) for the supported life of the .NET release.
- Digest pinning is required to request a specific patch of an operating system (e.g. `mcr.microsoft.com/dotnet/runtime@sha256:4d3d5a5131a0621509ab8a75f52955f2d0150972b5c5fb918e2e59d4cb9a9823`).

> - For [Debian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian_version_history) and [Ubuntu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_version_history) images, release codenames are used versus version numbers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For [Debian](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian_version_history) and [Ubuntu](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ubuntu_version_history) images, release codenames are used instead of version numbers.
```

- [samples](../README.samples.md#full-tag-listing)
- [Microsoft Artifact Registry](https://mcr.microsoft.com/en-us/catalog?search=dotnet/)

## Single-platform tags

These tags reference an image for a single platform (e.g. "Linux Arm64" or "Windows x64").

### `<Major.Minor.Patch .NET Version>-<OS>-<Architecture>`

> These "fixed version" tags reference an image with a specific `Major.Minor.Patch` .NET version for a specific operating system and architecture.

Reviewer: Perhaps we need a section that provides crisp descriptions of what "fixed" and "floating" mean and how they differ. And then reference that from all these places.
